I was senator, I also know if you can use the image.
I gave you a file
he has there is fifth
open as it occurred
It's really good to work, it's my favorite
you will make a chain the size of your job with a little more
leftover
at least ten years
but more current goods
and will do
three patients continued to
blasé on the fourth with the following
the center of the defender and heavy
a high point
there again in the same place
Does everything answer Michel?
so we have three high points and counting with the cetesb to 26 seconds
a patient
to punish a current from the dam production on the second
to do
a loft
Do not comment
there is a current introduction date on the second
another high point
an earlier current
It was a chain of the basic and on Tuesday
here with a loaf of bread
he will be waiting
there again follows a small base current second
and do it
and this in the reserve
there again assure the refund of the requested dry rate
and leaves in reserve
Let's get three points at nothing.
but if she leaves
and pass through all
the blind
and bolts
we have then
the milk is invested
make a chain in the
it was a date said
on the second enter last curvex
on the base of the base and pay the insurance
is being held accountable
two high points
ball forward will be good
it was a date said
when it introduces acute it is that it does nery
in the second on the same stage of the dam
a chain
in the same place you will make two more high points
we have milk
a chain
with the motto of the second bitch introduces the night do
the motto of bosch is unacceptable
two point balance
a two high points in a chain
there assures by a date of the cité of the ceiba
face to everything a bit and leave the reservation I spent with him again by yuko
enter the second
also in the reservation she has collected again cookie
I picked up on the other
lasse thrashing and above all at once
we got the point
there the patient
I went to a recent farce date
it was a little high
there is an earlier current and was one of the vacancies and in the second phase
other point
a chain of the collection
current of the dam
enter the second
sasaki
dorries
in the same year beatriz
You'll start and finish your work.
with three points
he will stay like this